Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much.
Okay,
let's go.
Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie
Bayne. Today's Tuesday, March the 10th,
and this is the Money Ball Morning
Report charts by TrendSpider
and gamma flows by Mentler Q.
Let's collapse the indicator list there.
So, what do we have? Uh
first things first, let's do the data.
Call wall 6950,
put wall 6700.
Uh value area high 6850,
value area low
6700.
Here's what's wonderful. Seasonality
told us this would happen, right? I said
yesterday, "Listen,
this is about selling, very likely. And
so,
this moved dramatically up,
caught the short sellers, they had to
unwind,
and of course, you know, there's some
people who
really
it's unbelievable that we think in the
midst of everything that we see that
somehow these seasonality measures end
up still working. It's bizarre. Or it's
at least as bizarre to me. You would
think that we are different, but it
tells us a little bit more about the
grand machine that's moving above us
while we are in the fray of these little
pieces. So, let's talk about
how the market flow looks today.
Momentum is bullish, trend is bullish.
We're sitting above all of the moving
averages and the VWAPs.
You know,
it is what it is. What's the go no go
line? I think it's the Vwap, 6760
will be the line that separates buyers
from sellers in most likelihood. Now,
this is a very noisy patch, so it could
come in here, argue for 20 points, and
then resume to the top. So,
remember I'm drawing this with a big
fat, you know, kindergarten marker, and
things are not exact because there's so
many of us
working. Dips are buys.
The dips are buys until we lose 6762.
So, what do you want to do? Well, we've
got very heavy congestion here.
We've got
um
We've got some peaks and valleys. We
know this these 13 15 numbers
are pretty important. They like to chop
around there and go back down to the
alts and give us the zero. 6800 is a big
fat round number. Watch it try to come
in there and hold. That's the point of
control, just about. So, that's what we
want to look for, that pullback that
gives us a buy zone. We've got a lot of
demand sitting at the base of this 30
minute, and that's 6773.
Notice, 6773, old resistance becomes new
support, breakaway formation. Absolutely
classic breakaway event.
Momentum is up, so dips are buys until
we lose that line, and then we begin
some significant arguing. If we continue
to rally,
could we get to 6900?
Yes, we could. We absolutely could.
Let's see what momentum looks like on
the day.
All the way at the bottom of the range.
You know, we're still caught in the
middle of the box.
Let's go to the NQ.
I don't know when we'll start to roll,
but it ought to be pretty soon. Okay, so
taking a look at the NQ, it rose even
more sharply than the ES. I've adjusted
that trend line.
Trend is up.
Momentum is up.
Call wall,
25,500.
Put wall,
24,000.
Point of control, 24,840.
VWAP right around that same area,
24,800.
I suspect that is the go no-go region.
Notice the heavy congestion 2 days
prior.
What is this uh Friday? Very heavy
congestion in this pocket. We could
easily retest it.
Breakaways send us from 25,207
all the way up to 25,380.
Value area high, 25,150.
Value area low, 24,620.
30-minute formation, same sort of thing,
pretty jagged.
Something happened at 3:00 a.m. that is
that was in the news. Could be, you
know,
obviously something in Europe.
Not around these pockets. And the high
of the 30-minute candle is currently
the VWAP, and that's 24,987.
It's pretty steep. Right? Breakaway
formations, old resistance, new support.
We have to be looking at the market in a
way that helps us see where can I
bounce? Where is old resistance turning
into new support? And so these sorts of
things really, really help us.
Breakaway
to the top edge max looks like
it could go to 25,378.
I can't imagine that it would just
straight up, but you You I didn't
imagine that we would move this much. I
mean, take a look at this. This is
Uh what is that? 1,300 points in
literally
a day.
It's bananas.
Absolutely bananas. Bitcoin, here's our
liquidity test.
Also, massive run-up. I talked about
this yesterday. I said, "Hey, you know,
comes back into that
65 area, great bought. If it
holds these regions, fills the gap, gets
up over 68, got ourselves another one.
Remember, old resistance becomes new
support. The floor
is probably a little steeper here.
Volatility may be a little higher.
Breaking through trend, of course, very
steep.
The the VWAP and the moving averages are
very, very steep. Momentum sitting in
bullish territory. A ton of supply up
here. Resistance.
What do you want to see? You want to see
it break out above value area high,
which is 71,500,
and then come back and test it. Then,
you've got your long. Call wall, 73,000.
Put wall,
60,000.
So, once again, these guys in the option
chains are doing crazy things. So, where
is
the line? I'd love to see it come back
to the VWAP.
Let's see it test, you know, this area.
Also, old resistance, new support. Now,
it could have done it right here, which
means the next batch of resistance that
we'd have to form over is here. But,
rotation to the upside, and
gamma flows continue. Listen, if this
thing gets up over 73,000,
we've got ourselves a liquidity
injection, and rotation to the upside.
So, it could be a blastoff green as far
as the eye can see.
Let's go to oil.
Okay, big oil fade. We talked about this
also. I said 94 because it was way to
the left and then 86
because it was the VWAP.
Um
Now, what are we looking at? Listen.
The call wall is still at 85.
The put wall
at 60.
What have they been doing all night?
Inventory accumulation.
So,
what do we expect here?
If all of this is in Literally, all of
this motion has been inside of the
30-minute formation. So, the break
is going to be
upside into the next area or
downside. What is my
inkling?
It's going to break to the upside.
I believe we start stabilizing around
here. Trend certainly downward from the
overnight, but could it be a flag
pattern that sends us
more steeply to the south? Potentially.
Uh or could it just be turning around
and moving forward? If it breaks down,
the next line is 81 and then the
anchored VWAP from last week
Thursday.
And that number is 78.
Uh I don't know what the oil traders are
going to do here. I really don't.
My suspicion
is that we rise again.
Um because the skirmishes are pretty
intense,
especially last night. Uh I don't know
how much energy it's taking to keep oil
down here.
Um
but we
we had some pretty interesting and not
in a good way
things happen in the street formulas.
And so, they're just These guys are not
going to give up. They're just not.
I mean
they've been around for 5,000 years. The
Persians have They know how to endure.
They do.
Okay, let's take a look at gold. Gold on
the rise
after the
oil moved down. I'm going to suspect
that the dollar is
uh
trying to stabilize here, but look at
the range.
You see this?
Big pocket.
Big pocket. The go no go line today
>> [snorts]
>> is 6160, which is right at value area
high
for gold.
Call wall 5400
put wall 4900
Value area high as I mentioned 5160,
value area low 5080.
Trend is up, but we are sideways. And
so, the sideways action
tells me that this is a pretty solid for
a shorting formation that could easily
accelerate
especially if we fall into the 30-minute
high low candle, which is
right here.
And I would suspect that's pretty close
of a one-to-one.
Yes.
Right? And so, here we are coming down.
I would suspect that we fall right
through the floorboards here. We'll see
what happens today. Downward formations
up up here down here at 5113,
and then the point of control
and see how it goes from there.
Uh the speed of motion is
it's incredible.
It's It's really, really incredible.
Upside pressure,
if it happens to break to the north, we
have to get through supply here at
5236. And then we could get to 52
60. Let's take a look at spy.
Figured out I'm not paying for the data
here to come
um
through for me. Remove the alert. Let's
get that alert right back in there.
The downward flow is
670. We're going to be all the way up
here.
Um
But yeah, also in a pocket. Giant
sloshing pocket of motion. So, we just
ride the wave. You know, you can make a
lot of money if you're trading ranges.
Just have to um
be careful when the range breaks to not
hold on and get yourself offsides. Okay?
That's very, very important.
Just ask Captain Condor.
>> [laughter]
>> So,
yeah, we would look at 685 to 690.
That's value area high here.
Call wall 700. Put wall 660.
Value area high 690. Value area low 674.
The no-go line, the go no-go line, is
very likely going to be the VWAP area
somewhere around this zone because the
price action is printing up here now.
Okay, everyone, that's it for me. I'll
see you on the streams. Be on um group
coaching
today. Take care.